Update Guide Markdown "Adding TrueCharts" (#99)
truecharts/website: docs/manual/guides/Adding-TrueCharts.md

 

## Adding TrueCharts

To add TrueCharts to your SCALE installation: 

 1. Go to **Apps** page from the top level SCALE menu
 2. Select **Manage Catalogs** tab on the Apps page
 3. Click **Add Catalog**
 4. After reading the iXsystems notice, click **Continue** and enter the required information:   
 Name: `truecharts`   
 Repository: `https://github.com/truecharts/catalog`   
 Preferred Train: `stable`   
 Branch: `main`
 5.  Click **Save** and allow SCALE to refresh its catalog with TrueCharts (this may take a few minutes)

## TrueCharts Trains Overview

TrueCharts has multiple "trains", or branches of apps which you can choose to install. Below is a summary of each train and its intended use.

- `stable` contains apps which have been thoroughly tested and expected to be stable and working. The `stable` version of an app is always the best available version.
- `incubator` contains apps which are still in development and/or are not considered to be stable and working well enough to be moved into the `stable` branch.
- `dependency` contains apps that are mostly used as dependencies. This train is not supported, aside from bug fixes.

> - `enterprise` contains apps which are intended for certain future support methods and configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enterprise` contains apps for core TrueCharts features and, in the future, will be covered by additional support for professional usecases.
```
